DOCS-2179: Generic gateways (#1193)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/faq/general/generic-gateways.md

---
title: "What are generic gateways?"
weight: 
meta_title: "FAQ General - Generic gateways - MultiSafepay Docs"
meta_description: "The MultiSafepay Documentation Center presents all relevant information about our Plugins and API. You can also find support pages for payment methods, tools and general questions as well as the contact details of our Support and Integration Teams."
read_more: "."
---

## Generic Gateways

> In our plugins we have predefined gateways linked to our payment methods. Whenever we add a new payment method to our platform every merchant that wants to use it needs to update the plugin that they are using.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In our plugins, we have predefined gateways linked to our payment methods. Whenever we add a new payment method to our platform, the merchant needs to update the plugin to use the new gateway.
```

> For that reason some of our plugins contain one or more generic gateways. These gateways have a flexible gateway code and thus can be used to connect almost every payment method we offer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For that reason, some of our plugins contain one or more generic gateways. These gateways have a flexible gateway code and thus can be used to connect almost every payment method we offer without the need to update the plugin.
```

Plugin specific articles can be found here:

> [Craft commerce](/integrations/plugins/craftcommerce/faq/generic-gateways/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Craft commerce](/integrations/ecommerce-integrations/craftcommerce/faq/generic-gateways/)
```

> [Drupal 8 & 9](/integrations/plugins/drupal8/faq/generic-gateways/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Drupal 8 & 9](/integrations/ecommerce-integrations/drupal8/faq/generic-gateways/)
```

> [Magento 1](/integrations/plugins/magento1/faq/generic-gateways/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Magento 1](/integrations/ecommerce-integrations/magento1/faq/generic-gateways/)
```

> [Magento 2](/integrations/plugins/magento2/faq/generic-gateways/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Magento 2](/integrations/ecommerce-integrations/magento2/faq/generic-gateways/)
```

> [OpenCart](/integrations/plugins/opencart/faq/generic-gateways/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[OpenCart](/integrations/ecommerce-integrations/opencart/faq/generic-gateways/)
```

> [Shopware 5](/integrations/plugins/shopware5/faq/generic-gateways/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Shopware 5](/integrations/ecommerce-integrations/shopware5/faq/generic-gateways/)
```

> [Shopware 6](/integrations/plugins/shopware6/faq/generic-gateways/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Shopware 6](/integrations/ecommerce-integrations/shopware6/faq/generic-gateways/)
```

### Generic Gift cards 

> Since we do not support all of the open-loop gift cards and non of the closed-loop gift cards in our integrations generic gateways can be especially useful for gift cards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since we don't support all of the open-loop gift cards and none of the closed-loop gift cards in our integrations, generic gateways can be particularly useful for gift cards.
```

> In some of the integrations we have special gateways that act as generic gift card gateways.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some of the ecommerce integrations, we have special gateways that act as generic gift card gateways.
```

For more information about the integration of both open-loop as closed-loop gift cards in our platform please contact <integration@multisafepay.com>

> ### Limitations

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Limitations
```
